Update C# tagged enum docs (#65)
clockworklabs/spacetime-docs: docs/modules/c-sharp/index.md

SpacetimeDB has support for tagged enums which can be found in languages like Rust, but not C#.

> To bridge the gap, we allow to declare tagged enums by inheriting from a special marker `record SpacetimeDB.TaggedEnum<(...types and names of the variants as a tuple...)>`.

Reviewer: Wording here is awkward.

```suggestion
Instead, C# code in SpacetimeDB can declare tagged enums by inheriting from a special marker `record SpacetimeDB.TaggedEnum<(...types and names of the variants as a tuple...)>`.
```

Author: Reworded this one a bit differently.

> It will generate variants as subclasses of the marked type, so you can use regular C# pattern matching operators like `is` or `switch` to determine which variant a given tagged enum holds at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SpacetimeDB.TaggedEnum` marker will generate variants as subclasses of the marked type, so you can use regular C# pattern matching operators like `is` or `switch` to determine which variant a given tagged enum holds at any time.
```

> For unit variants (those without any data payload) you can use a built-in `SpacetimeDB.Unit` as the variant type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For unit variants (those without any data payload), declare `SpacetimeDB.Unit` as the variant type.
```

Author: I don't like "declare" in this context because it can be somewhat more ambiguous - people often think of it more as "declare your own type".

Author: I'll leave this one as-is.

Reviewer: The wording as-is is awkward; "a built-in `SpacetimeDB.Unit`" doesn't scan right, and "you can" is too soft. This should be phrased in the imperative, not the passive, and the reference to `SpacetimeDB.Unit` should be a proper noun phrase.

Author: Well it's "you can" because users can certainly put their own empty struct if they want to instead. This one is provided for convenience.

Example:

```csharp

> // Example declaration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Define a tagged enum named `MyEnum` with three variants,
// `MyEnum.String`, `MyEnum.Int` and `MyEnum.None`.
```

[SpacetimeDB.Type]
public partial record MyEnum : SpacetimeDB.TaggedEnum<(
    string String,
    int Int,
    SpacetimeDB.Unit None
)>;

> void PrintEnum(MyEnum e)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Print an instance of `MyEnum`, using `switch`/`case` to determine the active variant.
void PrintEnum(MyEnum e)
```

{
    switch (e)
    {
        case MyEnum.String(var s):
            Console.WriteLine(s);
            break;

        case MyEnum.Int(var i):
            Console.WriteLine(i);
            break;

        case MyEnum.None:
            Console.WriteLine("(none)");
            break;
    }
}

> bool IsSome(MyEnum e) => e is not MyEnum.None;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Test whether an instance of `MyEnum` is either `MyEnum.String` or `MyEnum.Int`,
// using `is not`.
bool IsSome(MyEnum e) => e is not MyEnum.None;
```

Author: I'd probably reword it a bit to clarify why it's called `IsSome`.

```suggestion
// Test whether an instance of `MyEnum` holds some value (either a string or an int one).
bool IsSome(MyEnum e) => e is not MyEnum.None;
```

> var myEnum = new MyEnum.String("Hello, world!");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Construct an instance of `MyEnum` with the `String` variant active.
var myEnum = new MyEnum.String("Hello, world!");
```
